hey youtubers video coming you from my
house in miramar florida and i'm gonna
make this quick video about motor club
of america or mca I've been getting a
lot of requests and and really they want
to mean you want me to clarify who the
company and its really a scam or you
want to know what you what you're
getting when you pay those 39 knowledge
or forty dollars and say it's very night
91 did you say from flat on what you're
really getting for is what you get what
you really dating is when you join this
company is you're getting roadside
assistant venturi I'm not going to get
into all of the other diminishes that
you get what you do get plain your
benefits you get a lot of benefits for
joining this company but they also give
you the opportunity to make bring in
people and build a network of people on
be residuals that's what it really is
about recruiting people who want to be
in your network and staying in it or
because if they don't stay in your
network they wouldn't they're gonna get
them to go to quit and what happens with
a quick you get charged back the company
changed taste of videos back and before
it used to be four dollars a month so
now they take the whole eighty dollars
out so you don't really want to be
recruiting people who looking for fast
money-making situation because um end up
quitting and what happened to end up
quitting you get a chargeback all right
but I'm like I said MCA is it's a good
company you know it's a good company um
but just there's a lot of misconception
and a lot of calm um miss guidance i get
i would say or misinterpretation or or
missing forum there's a lot of people
who are like that and reason be wise
because like i said there's a lot of new
people who are marketing this company's
lodging money flooding money floods
monotonically sales and that is not the
proper way do it um i have been
successful because i've been using a
formula um i'm going to get into right
now but if you want to know more about
who i am and what i do you see the link
below you can click it find out how I've
been marketing all this company
and I've been working from home and how
I've been successful using a simple
three-step formula that I've applied
into any of these marketing companies
and I can make anywhere from this man
money to death amount of money on as
long as I apply the process all right um
my name is the moon 1 and this concludes
this video please rate and comment I
would love to hear your feedback and on
I would love to you from you in my
social media sites I later